DRIVERS-1857 relax exhaust cursor requirements (#1110)
mongodb/specifications: source/find_getmore_killcursors_commands.rst

This section only applies to drivers that support exhaust cursors.

On server versions 5.1 and later drivers MUST use **OP_MSG** for exhaust
cursors. Server versions 5.1 and later do not support **OP_QUERY**.

On server versions 5.1 and later, drivers MAY fallback to a non-exhaust cursor
if an exhaust cursor is requested.

> On server versions prior to 3.6, drivers MUST fallback to the legacy **OP_QUERY**

Author: Nice, I think describing the server behavior helps give context. I will do the refactor in a follow-up PR (https://github.com/mongodb/specifications/pull/1112)

> On server versions prior to 3.6, drivers MUST fallback to the legacy **OP_QUERY**

Reviewer: SGTM

This section only applies to drivers that support exhaust cursors.

> On server versions 5.1 and later drivers SHOULD use **OP_MSG** for exhaust
> cursors. Server versions 5.1 and later do not support **OP_QUERY** for exhaust
> cursors.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On server versions 5.1 and later drivers MUSTuse **OP_MSG** for exhaust
cursors. Server versions 5.1 and later do not support **OP_QUERY**.
```
I think "SHOULD" should be "MUST" given server versions 5.1 and newer do not support `OP_QUERY` _at all_, not just for exhaust cursors. Failure to comply would constitute a faulty driver implementation for server versions 5.1 and newer (exhaust cursor that _doesn't_ use OP_MSG is not a valid option).

Author: Good catch.

🤦 I thought to making this a `SHOULD` was required to permit the fallback behavior. But the fallback still uses OP_MSG.

Changes
=======

> 2021-12-14 Exhaust cursors may fallback to non-exhaust cursors on 5.1+ servers.

Reviewer 2: In addition to permitting fallback behavior, may want to include note regarding revision of prior OP_MSG requirement on 3.6+ servers being relaxed to 5.1+.
